Ok, so this was way too much text to put into a // sort of line
So here it is on this text file

This is a test taken straight from the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon games for the GBA
and everything in this test is meant to be accurate to the games introductionary questionnaire

It starts with the introduction where the mysterious void tells you where the fuck you are

Then he proceeds to ask you a series of questions so for this next portion, I'm just going to copy/paste
what I found involving this off of gamefaqs.gamespot.com cause I'm lazy YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET

    To determine your starting Pokemon, you will be given a personality test.
    This will involve a random question from 8 out of 14 Categories, with each
    Category leaning towards a particular personality type.  Once you have been
    asked the full eight questions, you will be given a final question that
    simply asks for your gender.  Once this has been answered, the results are
    all tallied and your final personality and resulting Pokemon is determined.

    You will be given a Pokemon relating to the personality type you scored
    highest in.  In the event of a tie between multiple personality types, one
    will be chosen randomly out of those you scored highest in.  Finally, your
    choice of gender dictates which of two Pokemon you will get for that
    personality.

So a couple of things that we need to point out here that this program has to follow:

    1) You are asked questions from 8 of the 14 categories, each category lines up with a nature in the main Pokemon games
    2) YOU ARE ASKED ONLY 8 QUESTIONS and each questions leads you to the next questions assuming its in the category of nature with the highest increase
        ex. You answer (a) and it gives you +2 hardy and +1 calm, you'll be sent to the hardy question and not the calm
    3) You will be given 2 pokemon chosen from the category you scored the highest in. A tie is chosen randomly.
    4) Gender has the final say out of the 2 that are chosen at the end

With that being said this program needs to do a few things in order to emulate the algorithm:

    1) A random number generator - done
    2) A struct that holds all the natures, this just makes things easier to organize - done
    3) A hell of a lot of functions to cover all of the categories - working on it
    4) A special function that clears the screen because typing in system("clear") and system("pause") every two lines will be a pain in the ass - done

This last bit is a list of things that don't matter/I'll do after the first portion is done

    1) your partner I'll do after because it doesn't really matter that much. I only have to remember the 2 rules